the greatest hope against the threat of
nuclear war is Superman I'm going to do
what our governments have been unwilling
or unable to do effective immediately
I'm going to rid our planet of all
nuclear weapons the greatest threat to
Superman is Lex Luthor smart and I
thought we can make the world safe for
war profits he's created the ultimate
weapon to annihilate the Man of Steel
the risk worldwide nuclear war for your
own personal financial gain nobody wants
war I just want to keep the threat live
dude of Steel where are you gonna get it
you know you're a workaholic but you
stopped smell the roses huh Superman for
Christopher Reeve Gene Hackman Jackie
Cooper Jon Cryer with mariel hemingway
and Margot Kidder as Lois Lane Superman
for his most important adventure the
quest for peace